During sports, the fat pads melt
until about the 30th
minute that's really true here in 60
Seconds the whole truth if you
sport you need energy
Carbohydrates are always preferred
burnt but we rather want to
stored fed or if you
So before the spring combustion training
your carbohydrate storage with müli
bar with buns or bananas
it actually takes 20 30 full tanks
maybe even 40 minutes to this
tank is emptied so far that the
Body finally starts again
Significant amounts of fat to burn
So there is really something to it if
But you in the last meal before the
Fed combustion training on
carbohydrates waived then must then
to re-learn body with his
stored data to work and after
The combustion training is easy
the noodles that pro the potatoes
Take away as little carbs as possible
salad with bird so chicken
or pute or fish meat tofo with
every quantity of vegetables then burns that
fat namely cheerfully on
there are more than 60 seconds of truth
here with me regularly so that you
always with very simple crisp
Refresh health tips
therefore this channel to subscribe
nothing to miss
and here you can see my previous ones
videos on fitness and nutrition
errors and much more on the subject
there is no health either
health loss fitness topic that
you are especially interested then
please write it down or
the comments
I'm curious if I maybe one
find answer for you and very crisp
and practical fitness and food
tips can be found down here at the fit tomato
is a free gift for free
just like that and there you also learn
a little bit more about me, see you soon
at the vito maat